Update _index.md (#9185)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/_index.md

  text: "APM metrics sent by the Datadog Agent"
---

> If you experience unexpected behavior with Datadog APM, there are a few common issues you can investigate and this guide may help resolve issues quickly. Reach out to [Datadog support][1] for further assistance.  We also recommend regularly updating to the latest version of the Datadog tracing libraries you use, as each release contains improvements and bug fixes.

Author: ```suggestion
If you experience unexpected behavior with Datadog APM, there are a few common issues you can investigate and this guide may help resolve issues quickly. Reach out to [Datadog support][1] for further assistance.  We also recommend regularly updating to the latest version of the Datadog tracing libraries you use, as each release contains improvements and fixes.
```

> If you experience unexpected behavior with Datadog APM, there are a few common issues you can investigate and this guide may help resolve issues quickly. Reach out to [Datadog support][1] for further assistance.  We also recommend regularly updating the version(s) of the Datadog tracing libraries being used, as each new release contains new features and potential bugfixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience unexpected behavior with Datadog APM, there are a few common issues you can investigate and this guide may help resolve issues quickly. Reach out to [Datadog support][1] for further assistance.  We also recommend regularly updating to the latest version of the Datadog tracing libraries you use, as each release contains improvements and bug fixes.
```
